"I have people skills" - tom smykowski

a tranlsator between the customers and the dev team 
Creates user stories that explain the UX problems
crafts stories that give details about how the customer interacts wtih the product


The product owner, the customer facing, project specifying, man who takes all the blame. 
It says so in the bible of scrum. Single Ringable Neck. 

Like a waiter,
If the order comes out wrong,
Tip lowered
If the food comes out too late
Tip lowered, 
If the they didn't remember the hotsauce that you never actually said you wanted, but realized halfway through eating the mac n cheese  you wish were on this but never did get up the nerve to ask for because that would mean talking to another human being and that scares the hell out of you and come on you talked ot this strnager like twice for the food and drink orders what are they expecting from you really.
Tip lowered
It's not that hard a job.

armed with two artifacts they craft user stories, and have a backlog.

The backlog their domain of what the team can work on.
A prioritized list of what the customers want and the team will work on.

and this is populated by user stories.
a general formula of Who wants the change, what the change will entail and the business value or reason for the change. Letting the developers know why they're coding and gain insight from what the customer is going to do with the new code.

Have you ever dealt with customers?
whiney, people who never know what they want.
it's expensive to go see them and ask.
I control the backlog I know what they're problems are
plus only idiots want hot sauce on mac n cheese.

User stories can just be broken down into buzzwords. 
It doesn't really matter who it's for 
the customers will love what we build so randomize that
The what is apparently by what I told them in the meeting so no need to write it down
Just put filler in for that too
I guess it's wrong to put 'Because I said so' on the busniness value so 
just throw some random stuff there too.
BOom creating user stories is easy.

These stories then populate the backlog, making sure that it's only as large as the next sprint, meaning the team has to take on exactly what the PO wants. 

